https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-31312 CIM conversion (#8760)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/assisted_installer/ai_remove_nodes_bm.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
```

[#remove-nodes-bm]
= Removing managed cluster nodes with a bare metal host

> You can remove managed cluster nodes from a managed cluster. Make sure to not delete `NMStateConfig` resources when you delete the agent and bare metal host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can remove managed cluster nodes from a managed cluster. Make sure to not delete `NMStateConfig` resources when you delete the agent and bare metal host.
```

.Prerequisites

- You need a hub cluster that is running on a supported {ocp-short} version
- Any static networking configuration required for the node to boot must be available.

> .Procedure
> 
> If you have a bare metal host on your hub cluster and want remove managed cluster nodes from a managed cluster, complete the following steps:
> 
> . Add the following annotation to the `BareMetalHost` resource of the node that you want to delete:
> +
> ----
> bmac.agent-install.openshift.io/remove-agent-and-node-on-delete: true
> ----
> 
> . Delete the `BareMetalHost` resource by running the following command. Replace `<bmh-name>` with the name of your `BareMetalHost`:
> +
> ----
> oc delete bmh <bmh-name>
> ----

Reviewer: Since it's a short file, figured i share the suggestion lol. If the main focus is script changes, please ignore this suggestion
```suggestion
. Add the following annotation to the `BareMetalHost` resource of the node that you want to delete:

+
[source,bash]
----
bmac.agent-install.openshift.io/remove-agent-and-node-on-delete: true
----

. Delete the `BareMetalHost` resource by running the following command. Replace `<bmh-name>` with the name of your `BareMetalHost`:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc delete bmh <bmh-name>
----
```
